### [https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/quick-start/)


### [https://gohugo.io/hosting-and-deployment/hosting-on-github/](https://gohugo.io/hosting-and-deployment/hosting-on-github/)
#!/bin/sh

# If a command fails then the deploy stops
set -e

printf "\033[0;32mDeploying updates to GitHub...\033[0m\n"

# Build the project.
hugo # if using a theme, replace with `hugo -t <YOURTHEME>`

# Go To Public folder
cd public

# Add changes to git.
git add .

# Commit changes.
msg="rebuilding site $(date)"
if [ -n "$*" ]; then
	msg="$*"
fi
git commit -m "$msg"

# Push source and build repos.
git push origin master

### [https://gohugo.io/hosting-and-deployment/hosting-on-github/](https://gohugo.io/hosting-and-deployment/hosting-on-github/)
Put it Into a Script  You’re almost done. In order to automate next steps create a deploy.sh script. You can also make it executable with chmod +x deploy.sh.  The following are the contents of the deploy.sh script:  #!/bin/sh  # If a command fails then the deploy stops set -e  printf "\033[0;32mDeploying updates to GitHub...\033[0m\n"  # Build the project. hugo # if using a theme, replace with `hugo -t <YOURTHEME>`  # Go To Public folder cd public  # Add changes to git. git add .  # Commit changes. msg="rebuilding site $(date)" if [ -n "$*" ]; then  msg="$*" fi git commit -m "$msg"  # Push source and build repos. git push origin master You can then run ./deploy.sh "Your optional commit message" to send changes to <USERNAME>.github.io. Note that you likely will want to commit changes to your <YOUR-PROJECT> repository as well.  That’s it! Your personal page should be up and running at https://<USERNAME>.github.io within a couple minutes.  GitHub Project Pages

### [Avoiding design bottlenecks. One of the most frustrating parts of… | by Matt Lambert | Medium](https://medium.com/@mlambert/avoiding-design-bottlenecks-ce24f6eb4231)
Don’t set unrealistic deadlines In an agile world, your design team should be working 1–2 sprints ahead of what you are actually developing. If you feel like a feature has been properly vetted with users, requirements are clear, try to leave your designers at least 2 weeks to do a good job. A good job includes considering all the possible outcomes and arriving at the best solution. Asking for something to be delivered in a day will result in a design that looks like one day was spent on it. If you haven’t done any discovery with users, you’re going to need to leave even more time for design and you should include your designers in the process.

### [Avoiding design bottlenecks. One of the most frustrating parts of… | by Matt Lambert | Medium](https://medium.com/@mlambert/avoiding-design-bottlenecks-ce24f6eb4231)
In an agile world, your design team should be working 1–2 sprints ahead of what you are actually developing. If you feel like a feature has been properly vetted with users, requirements are clear, try to leave your designers at least 2 weeks to do a good job. A good job includes considering all the possible outcomes and arriving at the best solution. Asking for something to be delivered in a day will result in a design that looks like one day was spent on it. If you haven’t done any discovery with users, you’re going to need to leave even more time for design and you should include your designers in the process.

### [Avoiding design bottlenecks. One of the most frustrating parts of… | by Matt Lambert | Medium](https://medium.com/@mlambert/avoiding-design-bottlenecks-ce24f6eb4231)
In an agile world, your design team should be working 1–2 sprints ahead of what you are actually developing. If you feel like a feature has been properly vetted with users, requirements are clear, try to leave your designers at least 2 weeks to do a good job. A good job includes considering all the possible outcomes and arriving at the best solution. Asking for something to be delivered in a day will result in a design that looks like one day was spent on it. If you haven’t done any discovery with users, you’re going to need to leave even more time for design and you should include your designers in the process.

### [Avoiding design bottlenecks. One of the most frustrating parts of… | by Matt Lambert | Medium](https://medium.com/@mlambert/avoiding-design-bottlenecks-ce24f6eb4231)
In an agile world, your design team should be working 1–2 sprints ahead of what you are actually developing. If you feel like a feature has been properly vetted with users, requirements are clear, try to leave your designers at least 2 weeks to do a good job. A good job includes considering all the possible outcomes and arriving at the best solution. Asking for something to be delivered in a day will result in a design that looks like one day was spent on it. If you haven’t done any discovery with users, you’re going to need to leave even more time for design and you should include your designers in the process.

### [World Bank Group Launches First Operations for COVID-19 (Coronavirus) Emergency Health Support, Strengthening Developing Country Responses](https://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2020/04/02/world-bank-group-launches-first-operations-for-covid-19-coronavirus-emergency-health-support-strengthening-developing-country-responses)


### [Finland](https://www.worldbank.org/en/country/finland)


### [Policy Responses to COVID19](https://www.imf.org/en/Topics/imf-and-covid19/Policy-Responses-to-COVID-19#F)
Finland Background. The first confirmed case was reported on January 29, 2020. The number and incidence of new coronavirus infections remains small nationally but has accelerated in recent weeks. In response to the crisis, in addition to measures announced by the euro area, the Finnish government announced a package of fiscal, liquidity and regulatory measures which – combined with existing automatic stabilizers – would (if fully utilized) constitute an impulse of nearly 30 percent of GDP. On March 16, the government invoked the Emergency Powers Act, which was used to close borders, restrict domestic movements, and expand service obligations of essential personnel. In response, unemployment climbed to nearly 12 percent in March.  Reopening of the economy. Restrictions to and from the region of Helsinki were lifted on April 14. On May 4, the government announced a plan to lift broad restrictions in favor of more targeted containment measures, including: on May 14, resumption of primary and lower secondary school and cross-border movement of essential traffic; on June 1, reopening of restaurants and public facilities and limits on public gatherings increased from 10 to 50 people; on July 31, resumption of public events with more than 500 people. Effective June 16, the government repealed the use of powers under the Emergency Powers Act, declaring that the country is no longer in a state of emergency. Barring any significant setbacks, the restrictions on gatherings will be lifted altogether on October 1. On June 23, the government announced the lifting of internal border control and restrictions on traffic between Finland and countries with similar incidence of COVID-19 with a limit value of 8 new cases per 100,000 persons in the previous 14 days. As of July 13, travel between Finland and non-EU countries on the ‘green list’ approved by the Council of the European Union will be permitted subject to restrictions which depend on the incidence of COVID-19. On August 13, the government adopted resolutions on recommendations for wearing face coverings and face masks, and for remote work. On August 18, the government reinstated travel restrictions on traffic between Finland and several countries based on their 14-day incidence rates. This is in addition to entry restrictions for three countries introduced on August 6. The government adopted on September 11 a decision to continue internal border checks and restrictions on border traffic, which entered into force on September 19 and will continue through October 18. The government also adopted a resolution on a hybrid strategy for cross-border traffic and travel which requires a rapid increase in cross-border testing capacity and analysis by 10,000 tests/day. This would allow a more flexible approach to border restrictions. On September 24, the government reintroduced travel restrictions between Finland and several Schengen area countries.   Key Policy Responses as of September 24, 2020  FISCAL Key discretionary tax and spending measures (close to 3 percent of GDP) include additional spending for (i): healthcare and testing, protection and medical equipment, public safety and border controls, and research on the coronavirus epidemic, in particular to develop methods for rapid diagnostics and vaccines and a knowledge base for timely decision-making on coronavirus measures, (especially on the exit strategy) (€1 billion); (ii) lower pension contributions through the remainder of 2020 (€1.05 billion); (iii) grants to SMEs and self-employed (€650 million); and (iv) expanded parental allowance, social assistance and unemployment insurance (€3 billion). In addition to discretionary measures, automatic stabilizers are expected to increase the fiscal deficit by about 4-5.0 percentage points of GDP. Deferral of tax and pension payments for 3 months are expected to provide additional short-run relief of 2 percent of GDP (€4.5 billion). Finland is also contributing €5 million to international non-profit companies working on the development of a COVID-19 vaccine. On April 15, the Finnish Government agreed to increase funding for the World Health Organization (WHO) to €5.5 million. This brings funding to the 2015 level and marks a €1.9 million increase from 2019.  On April 29, the government announced a €500 million recapitalization scheme for Finnair (which is 56% state-owned).  On May 8, the government published a third supplementary budget proposal for 2020 which includes €700 million (0.3 percent of GDP) for share acquisitions in state ownership steering, €123 million for supporting restaurant and catering businesses, and €16 million for vaccine and drug development research.  The supplementary budget proposal also includes guarantees for the Employment Fund (€880 million), SURE (€432 million), and the EIB (€372 million). The total guarantee increase amounts to €1.68 billion (0.7 percent of GDP). On June 3, the government published a fourth supplementary budget proposal for 2020 which includes an additional €1.2 billion in support to households and businesses; and increased public investment (€1 billion). The supplementary budget also includes relief in the form of adjusted VAT payment arrangements (€750 million). The temporary loosening of unemployment insurance benefit eligibility was extended until the end of 2020. On June 23, the government extended the duration until end-2020 of temporary amendments to the unemployment security act aimed at enhancing labor market security and flexibility. On July 9, the government adopted an amendment that allows Business Finland to grant temporary financing to companies with financial difficulties that ordinarily fail to meet eligibility requirements for support from the Decree on Funding for Research, Development, and Innovation Activities. On September 3, the government published a fifth supplementary budget proposal for 2020 which included €60 million to support the most vulnerable in society for which restrictive measure imposed due to the pandemic have generated additional costs. The proposal also included an increase of €1 billion in revenue estimates due to less than anticipated use of flexible tax-related payment arrangement introduced to support liquidity. On September 24, the government submitted to parliament a sixth supplementary budget proposal for 2020 which included €200 million to support the rapid increase in cross-border testing capacity and analysis as part of the hybrid strategy for cross-border traffic and travel.  MONETARY AND MACRO-FINANCIAL For monetary policy at the currency union level, please see Euro Area section.  Key measures within Finland include: (i) Bank of Finland to support liquidity through investing in short-term Finnish corporate commercial paper (€1 billion); (ii) 1 ppt reduction in the structural buffer requirements of all credit institutions by removing the systemic risk buffer and adjusting institution-specific requirements (increases Finnish banks’ international lending capacity by an estimated €52 billion – that, plus other countries’ measures, increase lending capacity to Finnish households and firms by an estimated €30 billion); (iii) Finland’s Export Credit Agency is expanding its lending and guarantee capacity to SMEs by €10 billion to €14.2 billion  (and the government increased its coverage of the agency’s credit and guarantee losses from 50 to 80 percent); (iv) the State Pension Fund will also invest in commercial paper (€1 billion); (v) a state guarantee for Finnair (€600 million); (vi) state guarantee for shipping companies (€600 million); and (vii) easier re-borrowing of pension contributions allowed; support restaurants in employing workers (€40 million) and compensation for the imposed restrictions on activities (€ 83 million). The fourth supplementary budget contains financial and liquidity measures including increased capitalization into the national climate fund (€300 million) and capital funding for state-owned enterprises (€770 million).On June 29, Finland’s Financial Supervisory Authority relaxed to 90 percent the macroprudential limit on loan-to-collateral ratios for residential mortgages.  EXCHANGE RATE AND BALANCE OF PAYMENTS No measures.

### [Deputy Secretary-General's remarks to the ECOSOC Informal Briefing on COVID-19 Response [as prepared for delivery] | United Nations Secretary-General](https://www.un.org/sg/en/content/dsg/statement/2020-05-11/deputy-secretary-generals-remarks-the-ecosoc-informal-briefing-covid-19-response-prepared-for-delivery)


### [Secretary-General's remarks to the ECOSOC Forum on Financing Sustainable Development in the Context of COVID-19 [as delivered] | United Nations Secretary-General](https://www.un.org/sg/en/content/sg/statement/2020-04-23/secretary-generals-remarks-the-ecosoc-forum-financing-sustainable-development-the-context-of-covid-19-delivered)


### [Australia, Finland and Switzerland Elected to ECOSOC | News | SDG Knowledge Hub | IISD](http://sdg.iisd.org/news/australia-finland-and-switzerland-elected-to-ecosoc/)


### [Finland to head the United Nations Economic and Social Council - Croatia](https://finlandabroad.fi/web/hrv/foreign-ministry-s-press-releases/-/asset_publisher/kyaK4Ry9kbQ0/content/suomi-valitaan-yk-n-talous-ja-sosiaalineuvoston-puheenjohtajaksi/35732)


### [Members | UNITED NATIONS ECONOMIC and SOCIAL COUNCIL](https://www.un.org/ecosoc/en/content/members)
